README.md, before:

# Confoo 2026

[ConFoo 2026](https://www.confoo.ca/en/2026) is a multi-technology conference for developers that happened from February 25-27, 2026 in Montreal.

- 190 presentations by popular international speakers.
- Focused on pragmatic solutions for developers.
- Great content and amazing experience.

Below you will find the slides of most presentations given at ConFoo 2026.

**Speakers: Please read the contribution guidelines --> [Add your slides and demos](CONTRIBUTING.md)**

## February 25

| Presentation Title                     | Speaker Name | Content                                                                            |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Exploring the Power of Browser Storage | Rowdy Rabouw | [Slides (PDF)](25-02-2026/Exploring_the_Power_of_Browser_Storage_Rowdy_Rabouw.pdf) |

## February 26
| Presentation Title | Speaker Name  | Content |
|--------------------|---------------|---------|                                                                                                                                           
| Figma dev mode - Survivre aux designers | Mathys Deshaies | [PDF](2026-02-25/figma_dev_mode_survivre_aux_designers-mathys_deshaies.pdf) |
| From Zero to Emulator CHIP8 and the Art of Abstraction | David Guida | [PDF](./‎2026-02-26/chip8-emulation.pdf) |
| Blending Product Thinking With Architecture | Joel Tosi | [PDF](./‎2026-02-26/Blending_Product_Thinking_With_Architecture-Joel_Tosi.pdf) |
| Kito D. Mann | GraphQL Distilled | [PDF](https://virtua.tech/slides/graphql-distilled-2026/) |

## February 27

| Presentation Title                  | Speaker Name | Content                                                                       |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| A web for anyone, anywhere, anytime | Rowdy Rabouw | [Slides (PDF)](27-02-2026/A_web_for_anyone_anywhere_anytime_Rowdy_Rabouw.pdf) |
| Tailwind CSS - Styliser sans devenir fou | Mathys Deshaies | [PDF](2026-02-27/tailwind_css_styliser_sans_devenir_fou-mathys_deshaies.pdf) |
| Kito D. Mann | GraphQL Distilled | [PDF](https://virtua.tech/slides/graphql-distilled-2026/) |

Commit message:

Fixed order of Kito's presentation and added From Mosaic to Modern: The Evolution of Web App Architectures presentation

README.md, after:

# Confoo 2026

[ConFoo 2026](https://www.confoo.ca/en/2026) is a multi-technology conference for developers that happened from February 25-27, 2026 in Montreal.

- 190 presentations by popular international speakers.
- Focused on pragmatic solutions for developers.
- Great content and amazing experience.

Below you will find the slides of most presentations given at ConFoo 2026.

**Speakers: Please read the contribution guidelines --> [Add your slides and demos](CONTRIBUTING.md)**

## February 25

| Presentation Title                     | Speaker Name | Content                                                                            |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Exploring the Power of Browser Storage | Rowdy Rabouw | [Slides (PDF)](25-02-2026/Exploring_the_Power_of_Browser_Storage_Rowdy_Rabouw.pdf) |

## February 26
| Presentation Title | Speaker Name  | Content |
|--------------------|---------------|---------|                                                                                                                                           
| Figma dev mode - Survivre aux designers | Mathys Deshaies | [PDF](2026-02-25/figma_dev_mode_survivre_aux_designers-mathys_deshaies.pdf) |
| From Zero to Emulator CHIP8 and the Art of Abstraction | David Guida | [PDF](./‎2026-02-26/chip8-emulation.pdf) |
| Blending Product Thinking With Architecture | Joel Tosi | [PDF](./‎2026-02-26/Blending_Product_Thinking_With_Architecture-Joel_Tosi.pdf) |
|  GraphQL Distilled | Kito D. Mann | [PDF](https://virtua.tech/slides/graphql-distilled-2026/) |

## February 27

| Presentation Title                  | Speaker Name | Content                                                                       |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| A web for anyone, anywhere, anytime | Rowdy Rabouw | [Slides (PDF)](27-02-2026/A_web_for_anyone_anywhere_anytime_Rowdy_Rabouw.pdf) |
| Tailwind CSS - Styliser sans devenir fou | Mathys Deshaies | [PDF](2026-02-27/tailwind_css_styliser_sans_devenir_fou-mathys_deshaies.pdf) |
| From Mosaic to Modern: The Evolution of Web App Architectures | Kito D. Mann | [PDF](https://virtua.tech/slides/graphql-distilled-2026/) |
